docs (#14)
callstack/byorg-ai: docs/src/docs/core/plugins.md

# Plugins

Plugins allow you to modify the context before it reaches the inference and AI response phase. Each plugin consists of a name, optional middleware, and optional effects.

## Middleware and Effects

> These two concepts are similar but have an important difference:
> 
> - Middlewares are run before response to user
> - Your middleware can be run before, or after call to `next` to perform actions after or before getting response from AI.
> - Effects are run after giving response to user
> 
> - Middlewares run before the response is sent to the user. They can execute actions either before or after calling next, allowing you to perform tasks before or after receiving a response from the AI.
> - Effects run after the response is delivered to the user. They are useful for tasks like gathering analytics or logging to a database without adding any waiting time for the user.

Author: ```suggestion
While middleware and effects share some similarities, they serve different purposes within the framework:

### Middleware
- A middleware function receives the request context and an asynchronous `next()` function, which triggers the next middleware in the chain.
- Middleware can execute code before and after receiving the final response from the chat model:
  - Code before the `await next()` call runs prior to receiving the chat model's response.
  - Code after the `await next()` call runs after the chat model's response is received.
- Middleware execution blocks the final response from being sent to the user. To avoid delaying the user response, use effects instead.
- Partial responses (enabled via the onPartialResponse option) are streamed immediately as they are received from the chat model. These occur before the middleware code that runs after the await next() call.

### Effects
- An effect function received the request context and the final response sent to the user.
- Effects are executed after the message processing pipeline has completed.
- Use effects for tasks like logging, analytics, or other post-processing operations that do not block the user response.
```

# Plugins

Plugins are your way to modify the context before it reaches the inference and AI response phase. Each plugin consists of a name, optional middleware and optional effects.

## Middleware and Effects

Those two concepts are similar, but have one important difference.

> - Middlewares are run before response to user

Author: Explan the difference of things happening before and after `next` function call.

- Effects are run after

> As an example, because of that, you can use Effects for gathering analytics about usage, or log to DB without addind any waiting time for the user.

Author: Highlight that Middlewares (both before and after next) block giving response back to the users. While effects happen afterwards, when response has already been sent

## Middleware Example

Let's create a middleware, that will enrich the context for our system prompt function.

```js
import { ApplicationPlugin, MessageResponse } from '@callstack/byorg-core';

const isAdminPlugin: Promise<MessageResponse> = {
  name: 'is-admin',
  middleware: async (context, next): Promise<MessageResponse> => {
    const isAdmin = await checkIfUserIsAdmin(context.lastMessage.senderId)

    context.extras.isAdmin = isAdmin;

    // Continue middleware chain
    return next();
  },
};
```

## Effect example

Also, let's create an effect that will be run after we get a response from AI and process it. If the user is an admin, or the response ended with an error we'll do nothing, otherwise we will increase the messages count for a user.

```js
import { MessageResponse } from '@callstack/byorg-core';

const usageCountPlugin: Promise<MessageResponse> = {
  name: 'usage-count',
  effects: [counterEffect]
};

async function counterEffect(context: RequestContext, response: MessageResponse): Promise<void> {
  const { isAdmin } = context.extras;

  if(response.error || isAdmin) {
    return;
  }

  await increaseMsgsCount(context.lastMessage.userId)
}

> ```

Author: Add info about `pendingEffects` return from `processMessages` that it is used to wait for effects to finish execution in cases when there is a risk of application shutting down prematurely (e.g. servless functions)

## Connecting Plugins

Now that we wrote our plugins, let's connect them to the app:

```js
  const app = createApp({
    chatModel,
    plugins: [

>       usageCountPlugin,

Author: Explain that the order of plugins corresponds to order to middleware exectution (top-down before next() call, and reverse after next call)
